hello my name is evgeny sparrows
This guitar will pass and power today we
we will analyze this type of bureau
and
I'll tell you right away don't be scared 9 strokes
it's not so much divide this
the device into two parts and all you have
will turn out
start clamping chord em and go
mouse
then again then twice a century
and then the second part
once again you are not
twice up fast
then
not
faster pace you get
and
go
most likely no questions given
kind of fight you did not have if you
all the same something does not work write me
in the comments reasons that you have
specifically do not go out necessarily
I will try to help you if you
liked the video like
subscribe to my channel and
accordingly, wait for new videos to all
until